1. Hours to complete the project: 4 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Deque): Approached it with basic concept of stack and queue.
					  The only additional thing that I had on it was creating
                      a previous node as all our teching was done on next node.
				      So I just combined both the concepts and used checklist 
                      to help me out with most of the issues. Despite passing
                      test for it, SI though told me that I had not done 
                      certain thing i.e. what if the first and last node are
                      not connected to null after removing the old first and
                      old last. SO I just modified my code accordingly so that
                      now they check if they are null or not and if not, they
                      do so.

   Problem 2 (Random Queue): Solving this problem seemed a bit confusing at
                             first but after using checklist and following the
                             given instructions, it was preety similar to 
                             resizing a queue. The problem I faced on it was
                             while shuffling this queue. I was having an issue
                             when I wasn't setting the size correctly. Prof. 
                             Iyer helped me fix this issue as I was setting
                             it's length to be it's size and getting wrong
                             output. 

   Problem 3 (Subset): The question was preety straight-forward as I was simply
		    using a Random Queue to enqueue all the imput String in
                       it and taking it out from Random Queue which would 
                       return random elements which is our subset.

   

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   1. The exercises were really helpful as they helped us visualize the
      linked list which helped us grasp the stack and queue concept better. 
