1. Hours to complete the project: 7 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Autocomplete Term): To solve this problem, I just used the 
                                  comparable and comparative logic to solve
                                  major part of the questions. The only method
                                  that I had problem with was sorting through 
                                  prefix order as I ended up with lot of 
                                  different cases. Professor Swami helped me 
                                  fix this issue though.   

   Problem 2 (Binary Search Deluxe): It was a modified implementation of Binary 
                                     Search which got a lot simpler with the 
                                     checklist that was provided. I had trouble
                                     when i tried to test it on other files but
                                     Professor helped me sort it out as it was
                                     the test client missing some components 
                                     i.e. trim() in queries.

   Problem 3 (Autocomplete): Using checklist made solving this part a lot 
                             easier. I simply talked to professor about my  
                             logic and he verified it. After that using Binary
                             Search from part 2, I was able to solve this 
                             problem. I had the corner case issues which
                             professor helped me with. And the same client
                             issue from problem 2 was here as well.
                            
   
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   Swami Iyer         Professor    Helped me through Piazza in BinarySerach
                                   issues and also helped me understand what 
                                   is giving me the wrong output. Also he 
                                   helped me understand the border cases. He 
                                   also helped me figure out sorting the Terms
                                   through prefix order.   			



4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   1. It was a fun project as we got to learn the comparator and comparable
      difference, also modifying the Binary Search was a lot fun. 
