1. Hours to complete the project: 17 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Board Data Type): After understanding what we have to do and
                                able to figure out the helper function,
                                this was a pretty straight forward problem.
                                The thought required was really high as we
                                had to find different values under different 
                                conditions. The issue that I faced was in
                                neighbors but Professor Swami helped me and
                                I was able to solve it.
                                

   Problem 2 (Solver Data Type): Solving Solver was the only hard part in this
                                 problem as everything else was straight. Even
                                 in solver, understanding and following 
                                 checklist was strictly needed as that made 
                                 this problem considerably easier. I had one
                                 issue but was able to solve it with my mate.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   Swami Iyer         Professor    Helped me fix neighbor issue in Board.java
                                   on two occasions: one, when I was printing 
                                   same thing because of not cloning in every
                                   step and next when I was unable to find an
                                   exact format for the outputs.
   
   Justin Kwan        Classmate    Helped me figure out an issue as I was not
                                   setting up a comparator in MinPQ and was 
                                   getting error for not being able to convert
                                   one to another.      

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   1. The project checklist was out really late as we were in the Springs
      Break and we also had the exams the very next week.
   2. It was a fun problem but maybe checklist could have been a lot better
      like the first few checklists.
   3. Considering it was a tough project, may be time extension would have 
      helped as we also had the exam.
    
