1. Hours to complete the project: 10 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Model a Percolation System): When I started this problem,
   I only had information about Programming Model and slightly about   
   Data Abstraction. So, This problem became a little more tough,
   becuase of the fact that we had to use WeightedQuickUnion which
   we had not yet studied. So, declaring a grid and setting all the cells
   was easier and I was also able to do open,isOpen with "For" loop but
   it was not meeting the time conditions that was to be constant for this
   problem. For that issue, I went to a SI session, when  SI
   went through major part of UnionFind techique and also helped in
   how we can implement it. Later, with the checklist and video provided
   by Professor, it was comparatively easier as we just had to do minor
   thinking only and had to write a modest amount of code. The other
   issue I had was with my bound issues as I kept getting a single error
   regarding this which I was able to solved after talking with Professsor
   Iyer. The last part that required that considerable thought was the 
   Back Wash issue which I didn't even understand at first, but later realized
   when I started performing tests by giving out particular "i" and "j" info
   for a cell and it gave me true even for the sites which were not full. I was
   unaware if I could use an extra UnionFind and so I just tried it out by 
   creating one with (N*N+1) cell that is no sink on it, and just connected all
   the open sites from top to it and among each other which made the site 
   difference as full or not clear.    

   Problem 2 (Estimate Percolation Threshold): This problem was mostly
   mathematical where I used StdStats to find mean, standard deviation and
   those values to find all the remaining values. The only problem was to
   create the threshhold values as I couldnot figure out how to run all
   the experiments. But I was able to do it using For loop till one system
   percolates. Even after that I had issues as I kept getting all values 0,
   when I printed the open cells count using API in Percolation. But the 
   cells count never reset and the count kept increasing. Sp, I just set a new
   double count and set it to 0 for every For loop so that count gets only the
   number of open cells in particular Percolation. 
  


4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   1. The project was fun with a lot of though required. I particularly had to
      keep re-writing the code as I kept finding a better way to solve it.
   2. It was time-consuming but once the checklist was provided, it became 
      considerably easy as much of the thinking was already done for us and
      all we had to do was to change it in code.
   3. With 3 weeks provided for this project, I think you prepared us for what
      is coming up in terms of project for the rest of semester and Time
      Management must be out prime focus.
